Final Project
-------------
For the last few weeks, we have been studying some of the most popular data structures and
algorithms in use today. Some of them have been quite advanced, but all of them have had one thing
in common: the right data structure or algorithm can make all the difference between a fast program
and a slow program.

For our final project, we will be applying the concepts we've learned in this course to develop our
own algorithms and solutions to problems that you might face in your career. The following problem
statements are simplified versions of tasks that I've personally had to solve while on the job or
during interviews. Through these questions, I will be testing your ability to take a general problem
description and extract an appropriate data structure and algorithm to use to solve it. All of the
problems below are solvable with a data structure or algorithm that we have studied in detail in
this course. Some problems may require you to be a little creative with how you use the data
structures and algorithms you have learned.

In addition to designing an algorithm for your solution, you will write a short response about how
your algorithm works, any trade-offs you made, and an analysis of the time and space complexities of
your solution. See the instructions section below for more details.

As a reminder, you may not use or import any standard library data structures or algorithms.
However, you are free to use any of the data structures or algorithms you have implemented in this
course. If necessary, you may also modify those data structures and algorithms to better support the
problem(s) you are trying to solve.

Instructions
------------
The files in the `final` directory contain descriptions of various problems that are available to be
solved. You must solve any three of the available problems. In addition to your code solution being
committed and pushed upstream, you must also answer the questions within the `Analysis` section of
each problem description file. I suggest you first think about the data structure and algorithm you
would like to use, tradeoffs you will have to make, and complete the analysis section before
actually starting to code it up. After solving a problem, use the command at the bottom of the
problem description file to test your implementation.

Grading
-------
You are free to solve each problem using any method you choose. Each problem will be weighted 33.33%
of your final project grade. For each problem, the grade breakdown is as follows:

- 70%: percentage of test cases which pass successfully
- 15%: selection of efficient data structure or algorithm
- 15%: solution description, time and space complexity analysis

Format
------
Your responses should be formatted in [markdown][md] format with a maximum line length of 100
columns. Text editors should automatically be able to format content based on line length. You may
need to search through your text editor's settings to figure out how to do this. If all else fails,
you can use the `fmt -w 100 filename` command instead.

[md]: https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown
